Create bytesize_singularity_containers_HPC.md (#2513)
nf-core/website: src/content/events/2024/bytesize_singularity_containers_HPC.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: Containers for HPC with Singularity'
subtitle: Marco Claudio De La Pierre, Seqera
type: talk
startDate: '2024-06-25'
startTime: '13:00+02:00'
endDate: '2024-06-25'
endTime: '13:30+02:00'
locations:
  - links: https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

> This week Marco ([@marcodelapierre](https://github.com/marcodelapierre/)) will show us how to create singularity containers for high performance cluster (HPCs).

Reviewer: will show us how to deploy software for Nextflow pipelines using Singularity containers, an optimal choice for high performance computing (HPC) clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This week Marco ([@marcodelapierre](https://github.com/marcodelapierre/)) will show us how to deploy software for Nextflow pipelines using Singularity containers, an optimal choice for high performance computing (HPC) clusters.
```
